docs: show server side apply overwrite for CLI (#33927)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply.md

* **Overwrite value, become sole manager:** If overwriting the value was
  intentional (or if the applier is an automated process like a controller) the

>   applier should add `--force-conflicts` to `kubectl apply` or set
>   the `force` query parameter to true and make the request

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggested change, this is still an API-driven doc so I would phrase it with that in mind first (but agree it's convenient to say how it translates into kubectl).

So maybe:
```suggestion
  applier should set the `force` query parameter to true (in kubectl, it can be done by
  using the `--force-conflicts` flag with the apply command) and make the request
```

WDYT?

Author: Ah I see. Yea looks great! Thanks
